338 docs rfc the other half of the docs (#4199)
timescale/docs: tutorials/blockchain-analyze/index.md

---
title: Analyze the Bitcoin blockchain

> excerpt: Use Tiger Cloud hyperfunctions to analyze transactions on the Bitcoin blockchain. This tutorial illustrates how to analyze the fees, the impact on BTC-USD, the average miner revenue, and more

Reviewer: ```suggestion
excerpt: Use TimescaleDB hyperfunctions to analyze transactions on the Bitcoin blockchain. This tutorial illustrates how to analyze the fees, the impact on BTC-USD, the average miner revenue, and more
```
